 Home Page 
The Bad: There is a lot of unnecessary matter on the login page that has no correlation to the process of logging in. The Support Information could be moved to the bottom, like most sites, instead of taking up a block on the left. Policies & Guidelines could be a small part of the same section as support.  The IIT Alert section is annoyingly in-your-face with their alarm picture. It should also only have important information regarding recent updates. Such as “Sight maintenance is scheduled on Friday, 3 November, from 20:00-22:00. The information on the right-hand side can be added in a section once you have already logged in. There is obvious white space to the right of the main content. 
The Good: You can log in.

Welcome Page
The Bad: The IIT Today is unnecessary, since we get regular emails every day with the same information. Redundancy is good for security and backups, not for drowning your client with the same information over and over again. Personal information should be obvious that you are logged into it, not spread across different sections in small print (Your name in top left, and CWID on the right). There is not much difference between the pre and post log in page. The formatting on the boxes is clumsy. The only thing distinguishing them the text in the Title portion. There is no flow between one section and the next. The Google search box is completely unnecessary. 
The Good: The header, fonts, and color scheme go well with each other and are easy to read. 

Academics Page
The Bad: Instead of having go through Banner Self-Service, like opening a file system, it should be be its own box where the contents are already visible. The Course Evaluation section should allow you to see all your classes without having to scroll through a window/box. Again, the personal information (CCWID, pin number) should be visible on this page. You need the pin when doing Academic related tasks, like registering for classes, not for tasks on the Welcome page. Your Advisors should already be listed. You shouldn’t have to choose a semester to identify who they are. Again, the windows/box sections are hard to navigate. It would be easier having them as part of a side navbar or just listed as text in the body.  
The Good: Uniformity in site makeup between pages. Has some pertinent information.

Registry Process pages
The Bad: Selecting a term and entering the pin should be on the same page. There is no need to make a different page for these. 
The Good: Simple. 
